 damages of at least $178 million, plus pre-judgment interest. The Company intends to defend the action vigorously. 38 Table of Contents On December 5, 2025, an action captioned Masoner v. AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. et al., No. N25C-12-022 was filed by two purported AMC stockholders against the Company, Adam Aron, and unspecified members of the Company's board of directors in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware. The complaint asserts claims for, among other things, fraud, fraud on the court, breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and conspiracy based on the 2023 settlement of the action captioned In re AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. Stockholder Litigation No. 2023-0215-MTZ (Del. Ch.). Plaintiffs seek, among other things, monetary damages of approximately $4.2 million, disgorgement of approximately $18 million, declaratory relief, equitable relief, and injunctive relief. Defendants intend to defend the action vigorously. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable 39 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common equity consists of Common Stock. Our Common Stock has traded on the NYSE since December 18, 2013 under the symbol "AMC". Holders of Shares As of February 18, 2026, there were 529,547,465 shares of our Common Stock outstanding. Of those outstanding shares, approximately 2.0 million shares (or 0.4%) were held by 14,021 registered holders with our transfer agent and approximately 527.5 (or 99.6%) were held by Cede & Co on behalf of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, commonly referred to as held in "street name" for beneficial holders owning shares through bank or brokerage accounts. Dividend Policy The payment of future dividends is subject to the Board's discretion and dependent on many considerations, including limitations imposed by covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness, operating results, capital requirements, strategic considerations and other factors. We will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand and funds received from our subsidiaries. Their ability to make any payments to us will depend upon many factors, including our operating results, cash flows, and the indentures governing our debt securities. The declaration and payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of the Board after taking into account various factors, including legal requirements, our subsidiaries' ability to make payments to us, our financial condition, operating results, cash flow from operating activities, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information regarding the dividend restrictions. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans See Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Sa