he next several years and fourteen new IMAX locations by the end of 2033. Additionally, we plan to upgrade an additional 68 IMAX locations to IMAX with Laser. Loyalty Programs and Other Marketing On January 1, 2025, we introduced a new AMC Stubs tier AMC Stubs Premiere GO! ("Premiere GO!"). Premiere GO! membership is earned by existing Insider (as defined below) members by visiting a certain number of times or earning a certain number of points within a calendar year. Premiere GO! allows members to earn additional points and other exclusive benefits. As of September 30, 2025, we had a combined total of approximately 37.7 million member households enrolled in AMC Stubs A-List ("A-List"), AMC Stubs Premiere ("Premiere"), Premiere GO!, and AMC Stubs Insider ("Insider") programs, combined. During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, our AMC Stubs members represented approximately 51% of AMC U.S. markets attendance. We currently have approximately 19 million total members in our various International loyalty & subscription programs. See "Item 1. Business" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for additional discussion and information of our screens, seating concepts, amenities, loyalty programs and other marketing initiatives. 45 Table of Contents Holders of Shares As of September 30, 2025, there were 512,943,561 shares of our Common Stock outstanding. Of those outstanding shares, approximately 1.8 million shares (or 0.4%) were held by 14,296 registered holders with our transfer agent and approximately 511.1 million (or 99.6%) were held by Cede & Co on behalf of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, commonly referred to as held in "street name" for beneficial holders owning shares through bank or brokerage accounts. Critical Accounting Estimates For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and the means by which we develop estimates therefore, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Material changes to our critical accounting estimates from what is described in our Form 10-K are described below: Derivative Fair Values. We remeasure the bifurcated embedded derivatives related to our Existing Exchangeable Notes and New Exchangeable Notes at fair value each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We have obtained independent third-party valuation studies to assist us in determining fair value. Critical estimates. The critical estimates used in determining the fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivatives are discussed by host instrument below: Existing Exchangeable Notes. Our valuation studies use binomial lattice models and are based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent level 3 measurements within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The binomial lattice models consist of simulated Common Stock prices from t