ertible Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. Certain provisions in the indentures that govern the Convertible Notes may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, the indentures that governs the Convertible Notes will require us to repurchase the Convertible Notes for cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change and, in certain circumstances, to increase the conversion rate for a holder that converts its Convertible Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change. A takeover of us may trigger the requirement that we repurchase the Convertible Notes and/or increase the conversion rate, which could make it more costly for a potential acquirer to engage in such takeover. Such additional costs may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of us that would otherwise be beneficial to investors. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION As of December 5, 2025, there were approximately 448.0 million shares of our Class A common stock outstanding. Of those outstanding shares, approximately 381.0 million (or approximately 85% of our outstanding shares) were held by Cede & Co on behalf of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTC") and approximately 67.0 million shares (or approximately 15% of our outstanding shares) were held by registered holders with our transfer agent, Computershare Limited ("Computershare"), as of December 5, 2025. Of those shares held by registered holders, approximately 3.3 million were held in a direct stock purchase plan (the "DSPP") offered by Computershare as of December 5, 2025. Approximately 0.2 million of the shares in the DSPP were held at DTC in nominee form by Computershare, with all other registered shares being recorded directly by Computershare as of December 5, 2025. Security Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers On October 3, 2025, Dan Moore, the Company's Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement providing for the sale from time to time of an aggregate of up to 49,730 shares of our common stock. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The duration of the trading arrangement is until July 31, 2027, or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. Aside from the plan disclosed above, none of the Company's directors or executive officers of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company's fiscal quarter ended November 1, 2025, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) or Regulation S-K. Equity Awards On December 8, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved a new long-term equity incentive award pursuant to the GameStop Corp. 2022 Incentive Plan (the "Plan") for Mark Robinson, our G