rtible Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. Certain provisions in the indentures that govern the Convertible Notes may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, the indentures that governs the Convertible Notes will require us to repurchase the Convertible Notes for cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change and, in certain circumstances, to increase the conversion rate for a holder that converts its Convertible Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change. A takeover of us may trigger the requirement that we repurchase the Convertible Notes and/or increase the conversion rate, which could make it more costly for a potential acquirer to engage in such takeover. Such additional costs may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of us that would otherwise be beneficial to investors. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION As of September 5, 2025, there were approximately 447.7 million shares of our Class A common stock outstanding. Of those outstanding shares, approximately 381.0 million (or approximately 85% of our outstanding shares) were held by Cede & Co on behalf of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTC") and approximately 66.7 million shares (or approximately 15% of our outstanding shares) were held by registered holders with our transfer agent, Computershare Limited ("Computershare"), as of September 5, 2025. Of those shares held by registered holders, approximately 3.2 million were held in a direct stock purchase plan (the "DSSP") offered by Computershare as of September 5, 2025. Approximately 0.1 million of the shares in the DSSP were held at DTC in nominee form by Computershare, with all other registered shares being recorded directly by Computershare as of September 5, 2025. Security Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers None of the Company's directors or executive officers of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company's fiscal quarter ended August 2, 2025, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) or Regulation S-K. Recent Tax Law Changes On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA") was enacted in the United States. The legislation includes significant provisions, such as the permanent extension of certain expiring provisions of the Tax Act and Jobs Act, modifications to the international tax framework and the restoration of favorable business tax provisions, such as 100% bonus depreciation and immediate expensing of domestic research and experimental expenditures. The legislation contains multiple effective dates, with certain provisions effective in 2025 and others implemented through 2027. While we are continuing to evaluate the full impact of the legislation, we do not expect the OBBBA to have a