a Canada 119,000 Leased Distribution and administration Eagle Farm, Queensland, Australia Australia 185,000 Leased Distribution and administration Milan, Italy Europe 123,000 Owned Distribution and administration ___________________ (1) In January of 2023, we announced plans to close the Shepherdsville, Kentucky distribution facility to consolidate our fulfillment activities. This was completed in fiscal 2023. In January of 2024, we announced plans to close the York, Pennsylvania distribution facility, which will consolidate U.S. fulfillment activities to our Grapevine, Texas facility during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The matters included in Part II, Item 8, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings" included in this Form 10-K are incorporated by reference. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 16 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our Class A Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "GME". As of March 20, 2024, there were 305,873,200 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding. Of those outstanding shares, approximately 230.6 million were held by Cede & Co on behalf of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (or approximately 75% of our outstanding shares) and approximately 75.3 million shares of our Class A common stock were held by registered holders with our transfer agent (or approximately 25% of our outstanding shares). On June 3, 2019, our Board of Directors elected to eliminate our quarterly dividend in an effort to strengthen our balance sheet and provide increased financial flexibility. During the past four fiscal years, we have not declared, and do not anticipate declaring in the near term, dividends on shares of our Class A Common Stock. We currently use, and will continue to use, all available funds and any future earnings for working capital and general corporate purposes, maintaining a strong balance sheet, potential strategic initiatives and capital expenditures. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, including those under the agreements governing our existing indebtedness, and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. Stock Comparative Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A Common Stock for the period commencing February 1, 2019 through February 2, 2024 (the last trading date of fiscal 2023) with the cumulative total return on the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index (the "S&P 500") and the Dow Jones Retailers, Other Specialty Industry Group Index (the "Dow Jones Specialty Retailers Index") over the same period. Total return values were calculated based on cumulative total return assuming (i) the investment of 