nufacturing Eagle Farm, Queensland, Australia Australia 185,000 Leased Distribution and administration Sophia Antipolis, France Europe 18,165 Leased Administration Paris, France Europe 76,000 Leased Distribution ___________________ (1) In fiscal 2024, we closed our distribution facility in York, Pennsylvania and consolidated U.S. fulfillment activities into our facility in Grapevine, Texas. During the same period, we relocated our U.S. refurbishment operations into our Grapevine Texas distribution, fulfillment and administration facility; previously, refurbishment operations were conducted in a separate facility also located in Grapevine. We also divested our operations in Italy, which included our facility in Milan. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The matters included in Part II, Item 8, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings" included in this Form 10-K are incorporated by reference. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 23 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our Class A Common Stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol "GME". As of March 18, 2026, there were 448.4 million shares of our Class A Common Stock outstanding, of which approximately 382.4 million shares (85%) were held by Cede & Co. on behalf of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTC"), and approximately 66.2 million shares (15%) were held by registered holders with our transfer agent, Computershare Limited ("Computershare"). Of the shares held by registered holders, approximately 3.3 million were held in our direct stock purchase plan ("DSPP") including 0.2 million shares held in nominee form by Computershare at DTC, with the remainder held directly in registered form with Computershare. As of March 18, 2026, there were 177,522 record holders of our Class A Common Stock. On June 3, 2019, our Board of Directors elected to eliminate our quarterly dividend in an effort to strengthen our balance sheet and provide increased financial flexibility. During the past six fiscal years, we have not declared, and do not anticipate declaring in the near term, cash dividends on shares of our Class A Common Stock. In 2025, we issued a special dividend to holders of our Class A Common Stock in the form of a warrant. For information regarding the warrant dividend, see " Warrants" section in Item 7, Management's discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations. We currently use, and will continue to use, all available funds and any future earnings for working capital and general corporate purposes, maintaining a strong balance sheet, potential control transactions and transformational acquisitions and capital expenditures. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, including those under the agreements go