eased Distribution and administration Sophia Antipolis, France Europe 18,165 Leased Administration Paris, France Europe 76,000 Leased Distribution ___________________ (1) In fiscal 2024 we closed our York, Pennsylvania distribution facility to consolidate U.S. fulfillment activities to our Grapevine, Texas facility. In fiscal 2024 we divested our operations in Italy, which included our facility in Milan, Italy. In fiscal 2024 we relocated our U.S. refurbishment operations into our distribution and administration facility in Grapevine Texas. Previously these refurbishment operations were performed in a separate facility also located in Grapevine, Texas. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The matters included in Part II, Item 8, Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings" included in this Form 10-K are incorporated by reference. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 19 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our Class A Common Stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol "GME". As of March 19, 2025, there were 447,083,981 shares of our Class A Common Stock outstanding. Of those outstanding shares, approximately 377.6 million were held by Cede & Co on behalf of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (or approximately 84% of our outstanding shares) and approximately 69.5 million shares of our Class A Common Stock were held by registered holders with our transfer agent (or approximately 16% of our outstanding shares). As of March 19, 2025, there were 190,074 record holders of our Class A Common Stock. On June 3, 2019, our Board of Directors elected to eliminate our quarterly dividend in an effort to strengthen our balance sheet and provide increased financial flexibility. During the past five fiscal years, we have not declared, and do not anticipate declaring in the near term, dividends on shares of our Class A Common Stock. We currently use, and will continue to use, all available funds and any future earnings for working capital and general corporate purposes, maintaining a strong balance sheet, potential strategic initiatives and capital expenditures. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, including those under the agreements governing our existing indebtedness, and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. Stock Comparative Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A Common Stock for the period commencing January 28, 2019 through January 31, 2025 (the last trading date of fiscal 2024) with the cumulative total return on the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index (the "S&P 500") and the Dow Jones Retailers, Other Specialty Industry Group Index (the "Dow Jones Specialty Retailers Index") over the same period. Total return va